Here's how I completed the exercise to use S3 as a remote backend for terraform.
So as we know, the goal of this exercise is to end up
with four different versions of terraform.tfstate.
So in order to do that,
we're going to use the same files,
main.tf and backend.tf that we were
using before and we're just going to make some modifications.
So to main.tf, we're just going to add four t2.small
instances that won't be that big a deal and we're going to keep the same backend.
The reason we're doing this is because we want to use
the same state file and we're going to change
the state of the environment twice so that we
have two more versions of terraform.tfstate.
So those two files are saved.
Let's go on over to our terminal and of course,
initialize our directory and terraform plan.
It's going to add four new instances.
That's great. Terraform apply.
So this is going to get us one more version of
terraform.tfstate because the state of the infrastructure is changing,
there are going to be four more instances running.
So it's creating those four instances.
So let's just go and check and see if we've
got our third version yet. We'll give it a minute.
While we're doing that, there's nothing wrong with going and checking and
seeing how our EC2 instances are cooking.
This should be four small instances coming up,
there we go, two here and then two here.
Two small, two small.
So since those are in a running state,
let's have a look at our terraform.txt file.
Let's just show our versions,
brand new version that we just got.
Let's go for version four by going back to
our terminal and terraform destroy.
So we're changing the state of our infrastructure again and we're going to
get another version of terraform.tf state.
There go our four, t2 small instances.
Given a moment to process and let's have a look and see if we've got four versions.
There we go. Four versions of terraform.tf state.
Our third version when we created our instances and our new one,
the latest version, when we just destroyed those four instances.
Thank you guys for completing the exercise.